"A forward thinking and nationally acclaimed employer, are looking to support multiple database migrations to the cloud, and would like to supplement this project with the addition of a data engineer who will become a key part of the Engineering team. We're looking for a candidate with fantastic ETL expertise and some exposure to MS Azure and it's products. To support the multiple migrations of databases and help to deliver ongoing support to the business from then onwards. This is a central role to the business and you will be working with many different teams to ensure their data is safe and accessible for reporting.To be considered, we're looking for:- ETL Experience- T-SQL fluency- MS Azure - Data Lake, Data Factory, Synapse (any experience/exposure is beneficial)- A passion for data and openness to progress into the world of database administration",
"About the role The talented engineers in our Identity build the APIs that securely identify customers across all touchpoints with Tesco around the globe: online, over the phone, and in-store with Clubcards. You’ll focus on making our experiences as frictionless for customers as possible, by exploring cutting edge authentication factors like biometrics and using ML technologies to dynamically assess the risk of each individual customer session. Your work will be at the heart of all new propositions across the Tesco Group, like our new Clubcard Plus subscription service. All of this happens in a world where scale and resilience are critical – serving over a billion API calls every week in only a handful of milliseconds each! The stack: Java, Kotlin, Cassandra, MySQL, Oracle, Azure, AWS, Apache Spark, and Kafka We are responsible for the software throughout the lifecycle; we maintain a DevOps culture, employing continuous integration and delivery, supporting our code through to production and beyond, as well as being firm believers in TDD. You will be responsible for: As a Software Development Manager, your primary responsibility is to build and maintain a passionate, engaged, and effective development team of engineers. You'll do this by taking a deep interest in the people that report to you, making sure they are happy, motivated, and challenged in what they are doing, guiding them to reach pragmatic technical solutions, and keep yourself close to the code (without becoming a blocker). You'll also take ownership when things go wrong but celebrate success collectively and, in short, act as a multiplier of your team’s effectiveness. This will include: Managing and supporting the engineers in your team, including career planning, mentoring and 1-2-1s. Reviewing pull requests and giving good feedback. Attending backlog planning sessions to discuss and estimate (small, medium, large) upcoming stories. Taking part in understanding requirements and designing API endpoints and their implementations. Supporting the service, both during office hours and out of hours via paid support rota. Automating the build, provisioning and deployment in the cloud. Implementing monitoring and alerting mechanisms via Splunk, Runscope and other tools. Building for security and user data privacy. Being involved with attracting and interviewing further excellent engineers for Tesco. Experience relevant for this job: Good knowledge Java and ideally other JVM languages, such as Groovy. Experience with NoSQL technologies. Experience with cloud-based systems. Designing and building distributed systems for scalability, availability and performance. Experience of testing and automating everything. Skills relevant for the job Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Problem-solving, analysis and computational skills. A Customer focus. Benefits: Annual bonus scheme where you can earn up to 15% of base salary Holiday starting at 25 days plus a personal day (plus 8 Bank holidays) Retirement savings plan - save between 4% and 7.5% and Tesco will match your contribution Life Assurance - 5 x contractual pay Share Schemes – Join our ‘Buy As You Earn’ & ‘Save As You Earn’ share schemes after 3 months service Colleague Clubcard (including a 2nd card for a family member) after 3 months service Colleague Discounts: 10% (increasing to 15% after every payday for a four day period) off most purchases at Tesco (from April 2020) 10% off One Stop 10% off pay monthly & SIM only deals with Tesco Mobile 20% off all F&F purchases 20% off car, pet and home insurance at Tesco bank. T&C’s apply 25% off Tesco Café 50% off complete glasses purchases & free eye tests (other offers available) at Vision Express 50% off health checks at Tesco Pharmacy An exclusive deals and discounts website saving you money on everyday purchases, treats for the family, eating out and utility bills for the home Cycle to work scheme Shuttle Bus Service to/from Hatfield & Welwyn Garden City Station to Welwyn Campus & Hatfield Offices Opportunities to get on - take advantage of our ongoing learning opportunities and award-winning training, to help you achieve the job and career you want Our Employee Assistance Programme helps you deal with life’s challenges Financial wellness - Tesco has partnered with experts to help you make the most of your money Get involved in a range of fundraising activities with our long-term charity partners"
"Due to the COVID-19 outbreak, please note there may be delays to our recruitment timeline. Description We are looking to appoint a marine assistant to run the ongoing biological and oceanography time series, which includes leading the tasks of aquaria and chemistry lab maintenance, CTD profiling, seawater sampling, sediment trapping, iceberg scouring, ice observations and biological monitoring and collections together with supporting other sampling and diving activities. Who We Are British Antarctic Survey (BAS) delivers and enables world-leading interdisciplinary research in the Polar Regions. Our skilled science and support staff based in Cambridge, Antarctica and the Arctic, work together to deliver research that uses the Polar Regions to advance our understanding of Earth as a sustainable planet. Through our extensive logistic capability and know how BAS facilitates access for the British and international science community to the UK polar research operation. Numerous national and international collaborations, combined with an excellent infrastructure help sustain a world leading position for the UK in Antarctic affairs. British Antarctic Survey is a component of the Natural Environment Research Council (NERC). NERC is part of UK Research and Innovation www.ukri.org We employ experts from many different professions to carry out our Science as well as keep the keep the lights on, feed the research and support teams and keep everyone safe! If you are looking for an opportunity to work with amazing people in one of the most unique places in the world, then British Antarctic Survey could be for you. We aim to attract the best people for those jobs.  COVID-19 update  We have a responsibility to do everything that we can to ensure that BAS Ships and Stations remain COVID free and that staff are deployed safely and responsibly. Our medical screening for this season will therefore take account of the recognised factors that increase your risk of an adverse reaction to the coronavirus (Primarily this is BMI at or above 30, age over 60 years old, or a history of smoking). The assessment is done confidentially by our Medical Unit and the criteria might be subject to change.    You might be required to quarantine two weeks prior to your deployment, and you might sail to Antarctica on our polar ship. All applications will be checked at point of application by BAS staff and those without the right to work in the UK or without a realistic prospect of being able to acquire the right to work in the UK will not progress. Please read the Applicants guide before submitting your application.  Purpose The main role of the marine assistant is to run the ongoing biological and oceanography time series, which includes leading the tasks of aquaria and chemistry lab maintenance, CTD profiling, seawater sampling, iceberg scouring, sediment trapping, ice observations and biological collections together with supporting other sampling and diving activities.  Qualification  HSE IV/Advanced European Scientific Diver or sport equivalent (3 star CMAS)    HNC/HND/BSc (or equivalent)  Duties  Maintenance of aquaria. Small flow-through aquaria enabling holding of live specimens. These need regular repair, back-flushing, logging of temperatures and prevention of excess ice build up.  Sea water sampling. Regular seawater samples will be taken from a site close to the research station as part of a long running programme looking at seasonal patterns and year to year variation in temperature, chlorophyll and nutrient concentration. Samples are taken by water bottle from a small workboat in summer, and through holes cut in the fast-ice in winter. They are analysed in a small chemistry lab on base. In addition, there is a regular profile taken with a CTD (conductivity, temperature, depth) probe to 500 metres. These data are important for detecting changes and feedbacks in the physical and biological oceanographic systems. This will also support work by visiting scientists who take extra water samples for specific projects.  Iceberg scouring. Annual survey of a series of markers from 5-25 m depth adjacent to the station in South Cove. Recording identity of markers hit by icebergs and replacing these with new markers. Period photography of each grid square (enclosed by markers) in support of projects. Monitoring, maintenance and switch over of memory cards on remote camera at Badger Butress (which photographs calving and iceberg transits around Sheldon glacier).  Ice observations Regular measurements are taken of the extent, thickness and type of ice and are essential for interpreting the data from the water sampling and sediment trapping programmes. As with the related programmes continuation of this long term data set is of great importance.  Support of marine biology programmes. The main role of the assistant marine biologist is to run the routine programmes. Occasionally, however, the other marine biologists at Rothera require assistance either within the laboratory or for field work.  Collection of material for UK scientists. Every year BAS receives a number of requests for both living and preserved biological material for research. Specimens are to be collected whenever possible while diving or from the shore, though usually live material is collected at the end of summer. We have a simple but effective system for transporting living material to the UK, and a refrigerated aquarium for holding material at Cambridge. You will be expected to accompany the live material to the UK on the ship at the end of your stay in Antarctica, which means a diversion through South America on the way home is not possible with this post.  Biological monitoring. Together with the marine biologist you will undertake a comprehensive programme of biological monitoring through SCUBA diving. This includes serial documentation of settlement onto experimental slate panels and reproductive activity.  Seabird and marine mammal work. A small amount of regular observation and census work on seabirds and marine mammals will be required.  Personal projects. It is anticipated there will be some time available for a small individual research project to be undertaken. This will necessarily match the overall programme of research at Rothera, but will not be of sufficient size to be suitable for a higher degree. Please quote reference: BAS 21/21 Publication date: 8 January 2021 Closing date for receipt of application forms is: 31 March 2021 Interviews are scheduled to be held: 10 May 2021 As part of our commitment to equality, diversity and inclusion and promoting equality in careers in science, we hold an Athena SWAN Bronze Award and have an active Equality, Diversity and Inclusion programme of activity. We welcome applications from all sections of the community. People from ethnic minorities and disabled people are currently under-represented and their applications are particularly welcome."
